The 2002 World Cup

With one year left until the opening of the 2002 World Cup, South Koreans celebrated on May 31 the countdown 
for the international sports festival to be held in Korea and Japan from May 31 through June 30 next year. 
Soccer fever appeared escalating with the games for the Confederations Cup at three state-of-the-art stadiums 
each in Korea and Japan, with eight teams participating, including world champion France. 
Traffic-jammed streets in Seoul are bedecked with World Cup streamers that read, 
"Dynamic Korea!" or "Let's show the world what we can do!" 

As they did during the 1988 Summer Olympics, South Koreans hope to demonstrate 
the country's ability to successfully host a major world event that will spur its economy. 

Now, three of 10 brand-new stadiums are complete, and the remaining seven to be constructed by the end of this year. 

"We should turn the World Cup into a chance to make the country prosper diplomatically, 
economically and culturally in sectors like tourism and science," Kim said 
during a cabinet meeting at Cheong Wa Dae on May 29. 

"The World Cup is not a mere soccer tournament, but a chance to show the world all that we have, 
not just the soccer stadiums and the finals, but tourist spots and cultural events as well," 
the President said. A successful hosting of the international soccer festival will help improve Korea's image internationally 
and bring economic benefits, he added. 

President Kim emphasized that all Koreans should join forces so that the World Cup will serve as an occasion 
for the nation to make another takeoff. 

"The World Cup will be the biggest event that Korea has ever hosted. About 350,000 foreign tourists 
are expected to flock to Korea, and the world's 6 billion people will be watching the games," he said. 
"We have to make use of this unprecedented opportunity to enhance national standards in various aspects, 
including foreign relations, economy, culture, tourism and science." 

He also cited a think tank's recent report that the World Cup would generate more than 10 trillion won 
in production and sales of the event and related industries. 

The president observed that the successful hosting of the games would greatly contribute to enhancing 
the national image abroad, pointing out that after Spain successfully hosted the World Cup in 1982, 
its national image greatly improved and Spain's national income and tourism revenue doubled over the decade since. 
He expressed hope that the games would provide an occasion for all Koreans to achieve national unity 
and overcome regional, generational and social differences, as in the cases of Spain and France. 

Since the 2002 FIFA World Cup will be co-hosted by Korea and Japan, he suggested a "win-win" strategy 
for the two countries in hosting the 2002 FIFA World Cup successfully. 

Biggest Soccer Fest. 

The world's biggest soccer festival is expected to become something more than just a sports event. 
It will enable the Korean people to recover confidence lost after the crippling financial crisis of 1997 
and show the world the nation is capable of hosting events of this magnitude. 

To that end, Korea has already put 2 trillion won, ($1.54 billion) into the construction of 10 state-of-the-art World Cup stadiums. 

The festival will be the biggest ever in Korea, even outstripping the Olympic Games held here in Seoul in 1988. 
Some 13,000 players, coaching staff and reporters are expected to land on the peninsula, 
compared to 10,000 for the 1988 Seoul Olympics. 
And the combined TV audience for the duration of the event is expected to reach 42 billion, 
three times that of the Seoul Olympiad. 

Moreover, the duration of the World Cup is 31 days, while the Seoul Olympiad was only 15, 
and total revenue for the event is estimated to reach 8 trillion won ($6.18 billion). 

Aside from the economic aspect, the event also takes on a significant political meaning. 

With Korea and Japan co-hosting the finals, the two nations will be able to establish a more future-oriented relationship, 
moving away from their long history of distrust. 

The government is busy mapping out measures to support the success of the World Cup and to publicize the co-hosting. 

In particular, the government designated 2002 the "Year of Exchange of Korean and Japanese People," 
and is operating special task forces to support bilateral consultation. 

The two nations are planning to expand flight services and introduce visa exemptions during the World Cup 
period in order to promote exchanges between their peoples. 

Moreover, the government has opened the door to Japanese pop culture here on three occasions since October 1998. 
Such efforts are sure to improve relations between the neighbors. 
