Voiceware Introduction.

Established in December 1999, Voiceware Co., Ltd. has developed its own speech technology such as Text-to-Speech, Speech Recognition, Speaker Verification for telephony, network, PC and embedded applications. Many of the Staff is specialist in R&D and commercializing of speech technology who had worked at LG Corporation for years. Voiceware is recently developing the speech solution for embedded products and Voice Portal and is going to advance into the overseas market with the core speech technology and the application such as speech recognition chip, supports multi-language. 

Voiceware now has held the dominant position in Korean speech technology market powering the most customers since the establishment. The total revenue for the first fiscal year, 2000, was $2.3 million and net profit was $0.58 million, and the total revenue for the first half in 2001 was $2.08 million and net profit was $0.54 million. The rate of net profit is around 30%, and it means Voiceware is growing as a company develops the high value added technology. 

Voiceware's this advantageous position is first thing owing to the prominent technology by experts has developed and commercialized speech technology for years. In addition, the excellent consulting on speech technology and the application, developer-friendly interface and fast customer supporting also the main drives making Voiceware the predominant company. It has been recently appointed as National Research Laboratory (NRL) by Ministry of Science and Technology.

Around 30 companies including IBM Korea have become Voiceware's partners to resell the foremost speech technology and around 120 companies including Microsoft and SK Telecom have adopted it after just one and half years since establishment. Voiceware is marketing its technology and solution English-speaking markets based on the successful deployment in domestic market with speech recognition and speech synthesis technology support English, and is developing other languages including Chinese and Japanese. Voiceware's speech technology will be also supplied to the high technology such as Post-PC, IMT-2000, Robot and Telematics.  